# Privacy Policy

::: danger Draft
This is a draft.
:::

Information on data collection and processing.

The research project [[StudyATHome
Internationally]{.underline}](https://embsys.technikum-wien.at/projects/studyathome-intl/index.php)
funded by the City of Vienna (grant-nr. 22-07) deals with the
development and implementation of internationalization measures at the
UAS Technikum Wien. In the course of this, we provide a web plattform
("StudyATHome Hub") to support the sharing of e-learning courses between
partner universities. The platform lists courses and assists with the
enrollment process. Finally, you will be asked to fill out a
questionaire before and after the participation.

In course of the enrollment process you will be asked to send your
application data to the International Office of your university (home
university), which will then forward the data to the International
Office of the host university by e-mail. A carbon copy (CC) of the
application will be sent to the team of StudyATHome Internationally
([[studyathome\@technikum-wien.at]{.underline}](mailto:studyathome@technikum-wien.at)).
On request, you will be asked by the host university to provide more
data needed for registration and course enrollment. After successful
completion of the course the International Office of the home university
will get a digital copy of your the transcript of records.

The protection of your personal data is of particular concern to the
partner universities and therefore process your data exclusively on the
basis of the legal provisions (DSGVO, TKG 2003). In this declaration of
consent, we (the team of the organizing university -- in the following
*UAS Technikum Wien*) inform you about the most important aspects of
data processing.

.......
